Charting & graphs
GP	Chart securities and technical studies on the Bloomberg Terminal.
HS	Visualize and compare the performance of two securities.
GC	Chart yield curves and see how interest rates move over time.
GF	Visual analysis of a company’s fundamentals.
ECWB	Allows you to standardize and manipulate economic data.

Commodities
BGAS	See pricing for the North American natural gas spot market.
BMAP	Map of Oil and Gas Rigs, Pipelines, Weather related events, mines etc. 
BOIL	Get a full picture of global oil & refined products spot pricing.
CPF	Analyze expert forecasts for future commodity prices.
FDM	Access comprehensive fundamental commodities data.
GLCO	Monitor the price movement and performance of global commodities.
NGAS	Analyze natural gas statistics for the U.S., Canada and Mexico.
ECTR	Interactive trade flow map
WETR	Analyze current, historical and forecasted weather trends.

Company analysis
DES	Access consolidated financial data and fundamental background information.
BI	Access industry analyses from Bloomberg Intelligence.
BIP	Search for primers on companies, industries or topics.
BICO	See a company primer to quickly educate yourself on a company.
QUIC	Leverage QuickTakes to put important news events in context.
ANR	See analyst recommendations and price targets for an equity.

Currencies
FXFC	Analyze currency price forecasts by contributors.
FXCA	Conversion calculation.
FXC	Matrix of currency rates.
FXIP	Allows you to access pricing data, news and analytics. 
WCRS	Visually rank and compare current and historical currency rates.
WIRA	Track international reserve assets and related growth rates.
GMM	Monitor the most significant moves in the global financial markets.

Derivatives
OMON	See real-time pricing and market data for call and put options.
OVME	Price and back-test equity derivative products and strategies.
OVML	Structure and price multi-leg FX options for various strategies.

Economics
FED	Monitor the activities of the U.S. Federal Reserve bank.
CENB	Access portals to other international central bank resources.
ECO	See economic calendars for upcoming industry and central bank releases.
ECST	Monitor economic data from multiple sources.
ECFC	See economic forecasts and compare regional forecasts.
ECMX	Analyze economic indicators for countries across a selected date

Equities
EQS	Screen for companies to validate your trade ideas.
FA	Find a company’s financial statements and fundamental data.
IPO	Monitor equity offerings to discern competitor financing strategy.
CAST	See a debtor’s organization and capital structure.
CACS	See a calendar of corporate actions and events for a security.
WEI	Get comprehensive market surveillance for global equities markets.
RV	Compare a stock to its peers across various metrics.
EQRV	Evaluate whether a company is fairly valued relative to peers.
CM	Monitor the key events influencing a company’s stock price.

Fixed income
SRCH	Search fixed income securities for trends and trade ideas.
DDIS	See the maturity distribution of debt for a selected issuer.
YAS	Price fixed income securities and calculate yields in one place.
BTMM	Assess a country’s current interest rate environment.
ALLQ	See dealer-contributed prices in real time for corporate bonds.
DEBT	Determine the holders who are most exposed to a country’s debt.
WB	Monitor sovereign bond yields, spreads and performance.
CRPR	Assess the creditworthiness of an issuer or fixed income security.
CRVF	Search for curves that are relevant to your fixed income market analysis.
SRSK	Get transparent, quantitative estimates of the 1-year default probability of a country’s sovereign debt and 5-year CDS spread.

Mergers & acquisitions
BUYP	View M&A buyer profiles to peg possible acquirers for your assets.
MA	Track and analyze M&A and arbitrage spread data in real time.
MARB	Monitor real-time merger and acquisition arbitrage spread data.
MRGC	Evaluate hypothetical merger scenarios.
PE	Access functions for PE fundraising, screening and market monitoring.

News
TOP	Get the day’s top worldwide news stories in one place.
TWTR	Search for Twitter news on Bloomberg.
CN	See top news on a specific company.
FIRS	Read summarized news stories to track market-moving news.
SALT	Set up email alerts for news on the companies you follow.
BRIE	Read Bloomberg newsletters on markets, economics and industries.

Portfolio management
PRTU	Create, manage, and share your portfolios for analysis in PORT.
PORT	Analyze portfolio performance, scenario analysis and exposure.
EQBT	Back-test fundamental investment strategies.
UNCL	Create custom classifications to aggregate your portfolio or benchmark.
BBU	Upload your portfolios, benchmarks, and custom data for analysis in PORT.
CDE	Create custom fields to use your unique data across the Bloomberg Terminal.

Additional resources
MSG	Send and manage email communications through your Bloomberg.net email account.
MRUL	Manage message rules, including forwarding emails to your Bloomberg.net email to your personal email account (Gmail, Yahoo, etc.).
JOBS	Search for jobs at companies in the finance industry.
PEOP	Proprietary people database where you can filter for alumni.
MVP	Most-viewed people on Bloomberg over the last day, week or month.
RICH	View the world’s highest-net-worth individuals.
